[voice] We finally ventured
outside of the building.
[girl] Be careful
not to go too far.
If you aren't careful, you might
not be able to make it back.
[voice] This is a world that
has ended...
an empty sad place.
A place where we are all alone.
We were looking for scraps...
bits and pieces of anything
that might be useful to us.
In this world...
we are forced to scavenge
if we hope to survive.
Here we go. This one too.
[girl] Were you scared?
[sigh]
I'm glad you could make it back.
There you go.
It's strange, isn't it?
They had such
a gentle aura to them...
Are we eating lunch
in the cafeteria?
Wait a sec. You just
got here, didn't you?
Yeah.
Then you gotta make some
kind of opening statement.
If you don't, it'll throw
me off all afternoon.
[Youhei groans]
Okay, fine.
I'll just do it over again.
Hey! How are you, Okazaki?
Where would you enjoy
eating lunch today?
[sigh] Way too eloquent.
Huh?
I'm saying that was too
eloquent for you.
It was so out of character,
I don't know how to respond.
Then what do you want me to do?
Try saying "all that
and a toilet"
at the end
of your sentences.
That'll take an edge
off the eloquence
and make it sound more
low-brow, like you.
Yeah, whatever.
Maybe some other time, okay?
[Youhei] Huh? Mei's staying at
your place again?
Are you okay with that?
[Nagisa] Of course!
We don't mind at all!
The whole family loves Mei.
And just for the record,
she already told your parents
and okayed it with her
school back home.
She wanted to stick around
and keep an eye on you.
Huh?
My brother's in his last
semester of high school
and he still doesn't know
what to do with himself.
I'd better stay here;
I'm too worried to go home.
Mei said she wants to have
a nice, long talk with you,
so you'd be ready.
[Nagisa] Sunohara,
have you ever thought
about your future goals...
or what you want
to do with yourself?
Hmm. Can't say
it comes to mind, no.
Obviously, college
is out of the question,
so I guess I'll just find any
old job and work any old way.
But... if I happened to find a
responsible girlfriend
to look after me,
I bet Mei wouldn't be
so worried all the time.
Yeah! That's it!
All you gotta do is pretend
like you're going out
with some nice girl.
Someone really smart,
or dependable or whatever.
We can introduce her to Mei,
and then she'll stop worrying!
I see what you mean,
but it's not good to lie...
I don't know. You think anyone
would go for that?
Well, sure, why not?
I mean, It's not like you're
ugly or anything.
Even if you have a rotten
personality,
you still have a baby face!
You appeal to their
maternal instinct!
You're Baby Sunohara!
Y-you think so?
And just think, if you
and your fake girlfriend
happen to hit it off,
it might even turn into
a real relationship!
Whoa! The Okazaki magic, huh?
All right! Bring it on!
I'm ready to rock!
Tomoya, are you
actually helping him
or just having
fun at his expense?
A little bit of both,
but it'll be fine.
Let's see, let's see,
I need someone smart,
with good manners and she's
gotta be cute, too...
See? Now there's a man
who knows what he wants.
Oh! Of course!
She's perfect!
[Youhei chuckles]
Here I come!
Hold on! You're not
really gonna ask her?!
[sigh]
[Ryou] What?!
Come on, you don't have
to look that surprised!
It's just pretend!
Nothing to get
worked up about!
If you don't want to do it,
then we're not
gonna force you, okay?
After all, you know what
kind of guy he is,
so I wouldn't exactly
blame you for saying no.
No, I can't do it!
It's just too much
for me, way too much!
It's so embarrassing just
thinking about it...
I just can't...
[Ryou crying]
[Nagisa] It's okay, Ryou.
Please don't cry!
[sigh]
I hate to admit it,
but the more she says no,
the more I wanna bug her
'til she says yes.
Watch it, man. I wouldn't say
that if I were you...
[Kyou grunting, yelling]
[Youhei chuckles]
[Youhei screams]
Was he picking on you?
I'm sorry, Ryou.
No, I'm okay...
I-it's nothing like that.
Which one of you brutes did this
to my precious little sister?!
[screams]
It's a misunderstanding!
We were just trying to find a
fake girlfriend for Sunohara...
Hey, do you think
I should ask Kyou?
[gasp] What, are you kidding me?
She just kicked your ass!
Yeah, I guess she's
no good, huh?
It's probably for the best,
since she's so bossy
and mean and violent.
Really, more like a gorilla
than a girl...
I'm standing right here,
you know.
[smack]
[Kyou] Wanna say
that to my face?
As a reward for your courage,
I'll stick my hand
down your throat,
rip out your vocal chords,
and stomp on them.
[Youhei] I-I'm sorry.
-[smack]
-[Youhei screams]
I said sorry!
[laugh] I know,
but for some reason
that pissed
me off even more.
-[laughing]
-[smack]
[Tomoya groans]
Let's go, Sis.
Their stupidity
might be contagious.
Oh, okay...
[Kyou] Really, acting like
a bunch of primates...
Men are so insensitive.
Uh, see you later.
Are you sure
you're okay,Sunohara?
That looked like it
really hurt...
He'll be fine.
He's had so much experience
getting beaten up by girls,
he should be a real pro
at it by now.
Don't trivialize
my suffering!
[sigh]
But if both Fujibayashi
and Kyou turned you down,
then we're kind of running
out of options, aren't we?
Hm?
Well, Tomoyo is sitting
right over there.
Why don't you ask her?
Huh?! For real?
Why not? I think she'd
make a great girlfriend.
She's pretty and caring
and smart...
-I dunno, it might be dangerous.
-[Youhei stammers]
Look at him,
he's freaking out...
Sh-shut up! Wh-who's
freaking out, huh?
Think we should
take him to a doctor?
[sigh] Calm down.
Just take a deep breath, okay?
[rhythmic breaths]
Okay, time to deliver!
I really think we need
to go to the doctor!
We may seem like enemies,
but we're really
more like rivals
now that I think about it.
Even though we couldn't help
getting into fights
all the time...
What's the matter?
It's not like you to look
so troubled.
Heh. None of your business,
little missy.
No, I suppose it isn't.
But, you know...
We're rivals,
and that means I don't
want to see you lose
to anyone but me.
Over time, we recognized
each other's strengths...
and even if we fought,
deep down,
we had a mutual affection
for each other.
That's so touching!
That's why I can't turn back!
Hmph!
[nervous whimper]
Tea stains are actually
a substance called tannin.
Baking soda does the best
job of getting rid of them,
but if you don't have any,
then you can just-
Then you can just
use vinegar, instead.
Don't pretend
like I'm not here!
Sakagami, is this person
a friend of yours?
Don't make eye-contact with him;
he's highly unstable.
Don't treat me like
some kind of wild animal!
Tomoyo, please, hear Sunohara
out, just this once.
Oh, it's Furukawa.
Our game yesterday sure
was fun, wasn't it?
Yeah. I'm so glad you came.
You were really cool out there!
I called you "Furukawa"
instead of "Nagisa."
That's okay, right?
Call me anything!
Whatever you like!
Could you two stop having your
little chat without me?!
You're still here?
What was it you wanted?
He has a little favor
to ask.
You think you could
hear him out a sec?
[Tomoyo sighs]
Playing baseball
with you is one thing,
but going out of my way
for Sunohara is asking a lot.
[Youhei sighs]
I'm really troubled right now.
Really? Because you look about
the same as usual to me.
[scoff] It's none of your
business, little missy.
[Tomoyo] That's what
I'm saying. See ya.
No! You're supposed to say,
"We're rivals,
and that means I don't want to
see you lose to anyone but me!"
I don't get it. Why would I say
something I don't mean?
Just say it!
Let me move on with my life!
[sigh]
We're rivals, and that means
I don't want to see you lose
to anyone but me.
Hmph! Who said
anything about losing?
Let's settle this now.
[smack]
If he wanted
to pick a fight,
he should have
said so sooner.
See you later,
Okazaki, Furukawa.
[girls swoon]
[girl 1]
That was so cool.
[girl 2]
You're the best, Sakagami!
[Kotomi] Okay, I understand.
I'll help.
-Really?
You're so sweet, Kotomi.
Thank you!
Of course! I'll do anything
I can to help my friends!
Just tell me what to do and
I promise I'll make it happen!
Since you two are supposed to be
dating,
why don't you try doing
normal couple stuff,
like having fun together
and hanging out?
Sounds good!
What should we do?
Oh, I know...
-[horrible screeching]
-[Youhei screaming]
This is what happens
when you let her decide!
I thought you said
you got the violin repaired!
Yup! It sounds much better
than before, don't you think?
I don't know about "better,"
maybe more "lethal!"
[pained groans]
[Nagisa] Are you sure
about this, Sunohara?
It seems like a waste
after she agreed to help...
Don't make me go back there.
I don't have the guts.
I can't do it...
Don't give up.
Remember, love is a battlefield!
[Tomoya] Miyazawa, are you here?
Hi, Okazaki.
Hi, Furukawa, Sunohara.
It's been a while, huh?
[Nagisa] It sure has.
Nice to see you, Miyazawa.
[Youhei] Yukine, huh?
Seems like she's
always ready to please.
Nice and quiet, too.
Hmm?
Sorry, what are
you talking about?
[Yukine] A fake girlfriend, huh?
I'm not sure.
It sounds difficult...
No way! It'll be
a piece of cake, I promise!
Just follow my lead
and you'll be fine!
Please, I need your help.
-I've had enough of this crap.
-Huh?
Don't you have any shame?!
You ain't worth the the dirt
on the bottom
of your big sis Yuki's shoe!
[screaming]
Wait, "big sis" what?
Miyazawa,
is this your brother?
No, actually, he's my guest.
He's hiding out in here
due to some rather
complicated circumstances.
-[Youhei yelps
-Listen up,turd!
If you give our
big sister any grief,
then you're gonna
have to deal with us!
You got that?!
[scared whimpers, screams]
[content sigh]
Aw, damn it!
That can't be good
for my record.
If anything happens,
you can call me, you hear me?
No matter where I am,
I'll come running.
butyou can't go outside yet!
Come back!
You still need to hide!
Oh, I'm sorry. Please excuse me.
[door opens, closes]
Is it just me,
or was that really strange?
Guess she's got her own
problems to deal with, huh?
[Nagisa] I'm sorry,
but I'd better head home.
I hate to leave you guys,
but I need to help
my family make dinner.
Well, Sunohara...
good luck out there.
[sigh]
Guess I could use all
the luck I can get.
[Tomoya] The problem is we're
expecting people
to do something for nothing.
Maybe we could offer a reward.
Huh? But I don't
have any money!
You don't need money.
To win a girl's heart
all you need's a little charm.
Huh! Good point!
First things first,
you gotta flatter her.
After that, make her feel like
her secrets are safe with you,
'cause girls these days just
love to keep secrets.
Finally, you gotta hit
the peer-pressure angle.
Tell her that all
the cool kids are into you.
I got it!
Let's give it a shot!
Hey there, Cutie!
-You got a sec?
-Huh?
Hey, just hear me out,
all right?
I promise it'll
be worth your time.
I got a part-time job offer
you just can't turn down.
Sorry. I'm in
a hurry right now.
[chuckle] Come on,
your secret's safe with me.
You don't have to use
your real name
and I won't tell
your parents, either.
There's no need to be shy!
I mean, all the
cool kids are doing it!
[girl screams]
You're making me sound
like some kinda sleazy pimp!
[Tomoya grunts]
[Sanae] Um...
Huh? Oh!
Sanae!
You two look upset.
Is something troubling you?
Hmm...
But if all you need
is a fake girlfriend,
then I wouldn't mind
helping you out.
[both] What?!
Are you sure
about this, Sanae?
As long as Mei
is staying with us,
I consider her
part of the family.
If you're her brother,
that means you're
part of the family, too.
-[gasp]
-H-h-hold on, time out!
Okazaki, you said that was
Nagisa's older sister, right?
Her sister?
Oh yeah, I guess I did say
that yesterday, didn't I?
Oh, dude!
Nagisa's sister,
I can't believe it!
She's totally hot, man,
I'm freaking out, here!
I think I'm gonna wait
and see how this plays out.
-[Sanae] Um...
-[gasp]
I'm sorry,
am I not good enough?
That's not it at all!
But if you pretended to be
his girlfriend,
wouldn't Mei figure out you were
faking it right off the bat?
Oh, don't worry, it'll be fine.
I'll just wear a disguise.
Are you serious
about this, Sanae?
Sure. But you have
to take good care of me.
[Youhei cheers]
[Tomoya sighs]
[Mei] What?!
You have a girlfriend?
[Youhei] I sure do.
She's pretty and responsible...
and I want to spend
the rest of my life with her!
[shocked groan]
As you can see, I have
direction in my life after all.
Nothing to worry about!
Why, you might say
I'm climbing the stairs to
adulthood one step at a time.
[Mei] Let me meet her.
You have to introduce me to her!
As your sister, I think
I deserve to meet the person
you want to spend
the rest of your life with!
All right, no problem.
I'll see when she has
some time off.
[giggle]
Goodness, the drama club
sure has a lot of different
costumes, doesn't it?
We'll be meeting up
with Mei in two days.
That gives us tomorrow
to rehearse
your big date with Sunohara.
Right! I'm so excited!
I'm getting mixed feelings
about this whole thing.
Even if it's just pretend,
my mom is going
out with one of my classmates.
Sure you wanna go
through with this?
Sunohara's really
looking forward
to the whole date thing,
you know.
He thinks you're Nagisa's
older sister, not her mom.
[squeal] Nagisa's older sister?
That's such
a nice thing to say!
I wasn't trying
to flatter you...
I don't know, Mom.
I'm sure you mean well and all,
but maybe this isn't
such a good idea.
I haven't said anything, but
ever since the baseball game,
I've been thinking
about Sunohara.
At first glance,
he seems a little awkward
and irresponsible,
but deep down, I think
he's really a sweet boy.
If someone was there to push him
in the right direction,
I feel like he might be
able to turn his life around.
That's why I want
to help him
in any way that I can.
I feel the same way.
If you're really serious
about helping him out,
I want to do my best
for Sunohara, too.
Great! Then let's
all work together, okay?
Yeah, but one more thing.
Let's not mention
this to your old man.
Know what I mean?
No, I don't get it.
[Tomoya] Uh, well,
even if your mom
is just doing this
to help out Sunohara,
it might make your dad
kinda, uh...
flip out and
pound his face in.
So let's keep this
our little secret,
for Sunohara's safety, I mean.
[both] Ohh!
[Youhei stammering]
I don't think I've ever seen
Sunohara so nervous before.
For some reason,
he's really pissing me off...
Why would you be angry?
[gasp]
No way, Tomoya,
don't tell me you've fallen
in love with my mom, too?
Wh-what?! Come on,
now that's just crazy talk!
So, um...
Y-yes!
If we're supposed to be
boyfriend and girlfriend,
then we should be
on a first-name basis.
So I'm going to call
you "Youhei," all right?
Yeah? Y-y-yeah!
[chuckle] You're so cute.
I hope we can
have fun together!
[squealing]
Oh, man! She just said
I was cute, dude!
Let's start by walking
side by side, okay?
O-okay!
[Sanae giggles]
[Sanae] You can come
a little closer.
We're a couple after all.
[Youhei shrieks]
Oh, man!
She smells awesome, dude!
Should we hold hands?
Here, don't be shy.
[shriek]
Oh, man! Her hands
are way soft, dude!
[Tomoya] I don't need
a play-by play...
Do you really think all this
is gonna push him
in the right direction?
Now I'm having mixed feelings
all over again...
[sigh]
And the day arrives.
[Nagisa]
Sunohara's already waiting!
Hey, Mei, try calling out to him
and see what happens.
I bet he'll think
it's his girlfriend
and get really nervous.
[Mei giggles]
When you put it that way,
you make it hard to resist!
[Mei] Have you
been waiting long?
[chuckle]
Of course not!
A-actually, I just got here...
Mei?!
[Nagisa] I don't get it.
What's with all the cans?
All part of my plan.
When she gets here,
she'll see all the cans...
And then...
[Sanae] Sunohara...
You mean you've been waiting
for me all this time?
-[swoon]
-Hmph!
Pretty clever trick, huh?
Oh yeah, you're
a real smooth operator.
It's part of the deadly game
we all know too well.
A game of love!
A boy's love game,
you might say!
[Tomoya] That means
something else, you know...
Damn it! I drank too much!
Gotta take a potty break...
[Mei] This place is a mess.
We can't leave it like this.
[Tomoya] Yeah, you're right.
I'll help clean it up.
[Mei] Thanks.
[Sanae]
Here, let me help too.
[Mei] Oh, uh, thank you.
No, don't mention it.
[gasps]
[giggle]
She looks so cute...
Hey, you're not staring at my
mom and blushing, are you?
[stammering]
[relieved sigh]
That's the stuff.
Oh... hi, Youhei!
[startled scream]
I'm sorry! I didn't make you
wait, did I?
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
It's fine.
Don't worry, I just got here.
[awkward laugh]
[giggle]
Is that really my
brother's girlfriend?
Sure is nice having someone
who cares for you, isn't it?
Wait, where did this come from?
I... I dunno.
If I go after her, I might
end up missing Sanae's call...
Yeah, but you can't tell
someone who to love.
[uneasy chuckle]
Hey, I said wait...
[frustrated grunt]
[scoffs]